What Did I Do This Year?. As 2022 winds down, I have found myself looking back and wondering: what did I do that matters to me? In many ways, it was a blur. Being a founding member of a seed-stage startup will do that to you, not to mention moving to a new state and all that involves. And so, while I have not historically publicized my accomplishments like this, this year I figure I will try it. More than anything, I hope it will serve to inspire me to achieve my goals for 2023, some of which I will also post below. Personal Accomplishments (Unordered): This year, I successfully paid off my private student loans by paying down the remaining $53 thousand I had left. While I still have a chunk remaining in the form of public student loan debt, this has been a deeply engrained goal of mine since I graduated college. Stay tuned for this one, I have more to say. In March of this year, we visited San Diego. A week after, I quit my job. 2 weeks after that we packed our thing and made the 3 day drive to San Diego to start a new life. I have not regretted it once (though I do miss my family). ‍️ Despite the pandemic, and my own concerns, I was able to attend my sister and now brother-in-law is wedding in Puerto Rico. It was a wonderful occasion and I am grateful I was there to see it. This year I joined as a founding hire for a new startup (technically Dec 2021). It may have been a risk financially. But it has paid of emotionally and experentially. I love my colleagues and Workheli. I believe in each of them, and I believe in what we are building. NormConf. This year I was able to co-organize, speak-at, and attend NormConf. NormConf was a labor of love. There have been many takes. Perhaps I will say something more about it one day. But I think Vicki's take has said what needed to be said. ️ Among my conributions (it was a team effort) were: organizing the conference tracking and forecasting the financials organizing the surprise appearence of the International String Band design the community guidelines and moderation policy deploying the conference A P I coordinating with NumFOCUS to help raise $16 thousand dollars! Despite all the busyness of this year, I stuck to my goal of continuing my math education by taking a DiffEq course at U C S D. I learned a bunch. ️ After monitoring prices for some time and slowly accumulating the parts, I built a personal computer for the first time this break. I love it and I am already using my N-vidia G P U. ‍️ I do not talk about it much, but a decade ago I started running and have rarely stopped since. I continued my pattern of running (or biking) almost every day (this year was a little less running than I am use to. Going to change that next year. ‍ This year I launched new version of my website. I am relatively happy with it (though it could use some improvements). I had been meaning to do it for a while and I am happy I did. I wrote 3 posts this year (this one counts!). I love writing. I intend to do more in the coming year. ️ In 2021 I hiked Sequoia for the first time with my close friends. Unfortunately, my partner Hannah was unable to attend. This always bothered me. Thankfully, she surprised me with a National Park pass and a planned trip to Sequoia for my birthday. It was a highlight and I am grateful we got to go. What do I want to accomplish next year?: My goal has always been to pay off all my student loans by the time I am 30. As 2023 will be that year (September), I intend to meet or exceed that goal. ‍ My sister is going to be starting a business this year and I have committed to helping her get started. I am excited for her, I am confident in her business accumen, and I am looking forward to the successes we will have. ‍ I have already signed up for another math class at U C S D. I hope to take at least one additional credited course this year. I would like to contribute to at least one popular open source software package this year. ️ I would like to visit at least two national parks this year and camp at least twice. ️ I aim to write at least 5 posts this year.