What Did I Do This Year?. 2023 was a year that I will not forget—one full of opportunity and promise. As I sit here reflecting on it, I notice that I am writing in the office of a new apartment while visiting family bustles about in the background. Later tonight I will be playing video games online with friends, while tomorrow I will be headed to camp in a national park (I am not sure which—it is a surprise organized by my wonderful partner). Security, family, friends, nature—all in the course of two sentences and twenty-four hours. How many blessings can one person have? Despite all the effort and intentionality I put into my life, I know that I am lucky for what I have. As another year winds down, I want to take this opportunity once again to reflect on the year I have had—who I have shared it with, what I feel I have accomplished, and what I hope to strive for in 2024—its through line being gratitude. Personal Accomplishments (Unordered). Last year (2022), I paid off my private student loans. This year (2023), I paid off my remaining public student loan debt. In total, I paid off $194 thousand of student loan debt in the span of six years. I wrote about this saga, my goal of paying them off before I turn 30, what it meant to me, and how I accomplished my goal here. ‍ I taught Intro to Machine Learning for Business at Chapman University’s Argyros College of Business and Economics to \~35 students this Fall semester. It was both grueling—including driving 90 miles there and back twice a week—but also fulfilling. I loved the students and believe I made a difference. For access to the course content, see my GitHub repo. Teaching at Chapman I wrote about Large Language Models and AI Agents for O’Reilly! This was a dream come true and as you will see below, I only hope to write more. For more about my report on large language models and AI Agents, see this post. I am an uncle! I am very grateful that my niece, Shoshana was born. I have visited her now twice since October, and I intend to do so more in the coming year. Shoshana and Me ️ I wrote more posts (5) than I ever have! I hope to write more in the coming year. I turned 30! You may not think it is an accomplishment—but I think it is. And so it makes my list. Turning 30 ️ I had a big European travel year! I visited: Slovenia, Croatia, Italy, and Austria in August. I also visited Canada for work, as well as a few cities I have never been to before: Boston and San Fransisco. Ljubljana, Slovenia (August) I attended another college course at USCD this year. I have enjoyed this tradition of continuing my education despite having a full-time career. I credit my mother for instilling this drive in me. For some people, work is a means to an end—for me it is the thing itself. I generally enjoy the process and, as I approach my second year working as Principal MLE at Workhelix, I am still just as grateful for the time I have had, the team I work with, and what we are building. Ice cream in Toronto—a must. I gave a few talks this year on Large Language Models. I will be sure to post them in the New Year! We successfully fostered a dog and found him a loving home! He was very cute (and energetic…) Toast, being cute. I have also had the pleasure to assist and advise work on projects involving Large Language Models! This has been great and I look forward to discussing all my learnings soon. What do I want to accomplish next year?. While I have had a good education, for most of my life I have avoided formally reading philosophy. I would like to change that this year. I have some plans. Hopefully I can manifest them. More personal projects! I would like to build more at home and flex this creativity muscle. I may start with home networking and expand from there. I have tentative plans to travel to Asia for the first time. I will do my best to make this a reality. Another class! I would like to continue my streak and attend another class (probably in math or something technical) at the local university. I am definitely going to see my niece more this year.