After two practice sessions at my local range, I decided I would buy a compound bow of my own. I am now fully ensconced in the practice. In the coming year, I hope to practice even more. Below is a list containing some of my 2024 successes: Spent time visiting family and my niece in particular Hiking, camping, and traveling: I did a bunch of traveling from within California in which I had a bunch of firsts First trips to: San Fransisco, San Jose, Palm Springs, Cupertino Hiked and camped Joshua Tree, Cleveland National Forest Hawaii x2 — helps when there are direct flights from San Diego Boston for my good friend’s wedding Illinois (to visit family!) I engaged with and talked about poetry and literature at a level rivaled only by my college days. I loved this and I am hoping to continue this into the new year. Started streaming coding and video games on Twitch on a lark Archery and lifting Where I Can Improve. Service I would like to live a life more dedicated to service. I donate money to causes I care for; I live a life that I would argue is relatively conscious in how my actions and choices affect others. But I would like to give my most valuable resource—time—to those who could use it. I will be looking for volunteer opportunities this coming year. Patience I think I can overvalue my time, which causes me to lose perspective and not be in the moment. I want to be more patient with those I love, if not with myself. Socializing I would like to dedicate more time to friends and family this year. Simple as that. Study and reading habits This year it was hard to keep with my study habits. I would like to develop and maintain a better relationship with studying instead of simply building. I think this first starts with curiosity, and I find my curiosity is best fueled by reading often and widely. This coming year, I hope to give myself room to explore my curiosity more. Goals for 2025. Write one post a month, no matter how small Attend more economics conferences Contribute more (and publish) economics research, especially as relating to AI/ML and the economics of work Practice archery twice a month More twitch streams, especially with regard to coding and machine learning I live 45 minutes from the Mexico border. I would like to visit Mexico in 2025! Making more friends in the area Camp more in National Parks! Complete 2 educational courses this year Hopefully I am able to get back to lifting and endurance running! *** A note on health. Health. Upon reflection I find that I did not “accomplish” as much as I would have liked in the latter half of the year. This year was tough in many ways. This particular lapse in productivity is due to health issues I developed in August. It turns out, in the process of “valuing my time” by picking up a new hobby—namely lifting—I exacerbated an underlying health condition I was not aware I had. Since these health issues emerged, I quickly realized that sometimes valuing one’s time means treading water and fighting to retain equilibrium. If this past 4 to 5 months have taught me anything, it is how impactful health-concerns can be on my sense of homeostasis. Thankfully, after a few months of trying to figure out what even was causing my symptoms, my doctors and I were finally able to devise a process that will, I dearly hope, cure my symptoms. I am currently undergoing that process now. And even though it comes with some difficult (and hopefully temporary) tradeoffs, I can already tell I am improving. Should I overcome these health issues in 2025 and return to a sense of normalcy, that will far and away be my best achievement. Happy New Year all! May 2025 bring us peace and growth.