My 2024 Year In Review: AI, Archery, and Goals. At the end of each year I attempt to write a “year in review”. I started this trend for a few reasons. The most prominent reason was that I am simply unable to remember all I do in a year. So much happens—even though it often does not feel like it—that I eventually felt the need to write some of it down. The second reason is that it is simply meaningful to reflect on how one spends one’s time, and by extension how one values it. I find this practice particularly meaningful. I am acutely aware of the finitude of my time. By reflecting on my year, I am attending to the effort I put into valuing my time and giving it its due. If you are like me, then I suggest you engage in this practice as well. Of the accomplishments I feel I have attained this year, I believe my professional achievements were particularly notable. Professional. As I have said, work-related accomplishments took precedent this year. However, due to IP concerns I can not openly describe many of their specifics. At a high level, I spent this year building out AI/ML infrastructure that we are able to deploy at enterprise scale. I started this side project earlier in the year due to my conviction that it could be impactful. Eventually, what started as a side project became a proof of concept for a large enterprise customer, became a fully containerized “experimentation and monitoring platform” that handles everything from data extraction to embeddings generation and analytics for our customers. It is pretty cool to look back and see how a solo project based on a hunch turned into a core offering for enterprise companies—many of which you will have heard of—replete with custom LLM pipelines and all. What I most appreciate about this process was how much software engineering and system architecture knowledge it required of me. In the end, it took just as much effort to implement to build out the software ecosystem as it did to build the AI/ML pipelines. The result is that I find myself a much better engineer than when I started the year. Below is a list containing some of my 2024 professional successes: Built an enterprise grade experiment and monitoring platform that leverages embeddings for unique client analytics In April, I presented to Professor Hamsa Bastani’s class on Optimization and Large Language Models (OIDD 321) at the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania. For the presentation, “Building a Workforce Optimization Platform From Scratch, I used mock data to decompose real-world work activities into tasks, embedded the tasks, assigned those tasks to OCC SOC codes, and then demonstrated that, given these tasks, how one might go about optimizing how organizations are structured depending on their priorities. Code here. In early January of 2024, I gave a presentation, “A Normie Approach to Validating LLM Outputs”, at an LLMOps workshop gathering. The talk, really more of a deep dive into a real POC, discussed how we can implement normal software engineering practices upon LLM output to validate their results. Presentation materials here. I consulted a few companies this year who reached out for advice on how they can start out their AI / ML journeys, which tech stacks to use, how they can think about their development and product pipelines, and more! I love doing this kind of work and am eager to continue doing so in the future. I built a bunch of small software tools involving LLMs about which I will write about in the coming months. I have started to contribute to research in the field of economics of work and AI more directly. I hope to have this work published in the new year. Personal. Like every year, this year I wanted to take more risks and try new things. After thinking about it for a while, I tested a few hobbies that I had been considering for a while: the first was lifting, which I discuss more below (see \[\[#Health]]). The other was archery, for which I quickly gained an affinity and for which I quickly determined I have an aptitude!