Intro. If you are reading this post then you probably want to learn how to deploy a docker container to AWS cheaply, quickly, and without much ado. Perhaps you have seen my NormConf Talk "Building an H T T P S A P I for Cheap: AWS, Docker, and the NormConf A P I". In the example below, I will push a FastAPI app that has been containerized by Docker, pushed to AWS ECR, and hosted using Farage in ECS. I assume you seek to have external users connect to your A P I, so I demosntrate how to use a Route 53 A record and an Application Load Balancer to connect to the ECR image. This is a lot, so I have written instructions as succinctly and directly as I could. If I have missed anything, please feel free to reach out! This post assumes the following of you: You have the proper IAM permissions to deploy in an AWS environment. You have installed the AWS CLI in your terminal. You have a docker image built and are ready to deploy it to the cloud. Have access to a domain or will buy one in Route53 Alright, let us get to it. Getting Started. Goodies A P I As I have said, ensure you have the IAM permissions for all of the below AWS services. S3 ECS ECR VPC Load Balancing Route53 Certificate Manager KMS SSM Elastic Container Registry (ECR). First you are going to need a repo into which your images will be stored: Go to AWS ECR and create a repo named my repo\ aws ecr create-repository --repository-name Docker to ECR. Now that you have a repository, you will want to load an image to ECR: Get your ECR password, pass it to docker to login\ aws ecr get-login-password --region | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin .dkr.ecr..amazonaws.com Tag your image\ docker tag goodies:latest .dkr.ecr..amazonaws.com/ Push your image\ docker push .dkr.ecr..amazonaws.com/ VPC & Subnets. Create a VPC. You will need to determine what CIDR block is best for your use-case.\ aws ec2 create-vpc --cidr-block 10.0.0.0/16 Record the ID of the VPC\ aws ec2 describe-vpcs -> e.g. vpc-123456789 Create Subnets using the ID of the VPC, do this twice, one per availability zone. Be sure to check the documentation to determine which availability zone to use, for example us-west-2 a \ aws ec2 create-subnet --vpc-id --cidr-block 10.0.0.0/24 --availability-zone a aws ec2 create-subnet --vpc-id --cidr-block 10.0.1.0/24 --availability-zone d Network Engineering. First create an internet gateway and record the id (you will use this for the next step).\ aws ec2 create-internet-gateway --query InternetGateway.InternetGatewayId --output text -> e.g. igw-123456789 Attach the internet gateway to your VPC.\ aws ec2 attach-internet-gateway --vpc-id --internet-gateway-id Create a custom route table for your vpc and record the id.\ aws ec2 create-route-table --vpc-id --query RouteTable.RouteTableId --output text -> e.g. rtb-123456789 Create a route in route table for traffic use.\ aws ec2 create-route --route-table-id --destination-cidr-block 0.0.0.0/0 --gateway-id Create a route to internet gateway for 10.0.0.0/16 (or whichever CIDR block you chose in step 6).\ aws ec2 create-route --route-table-id --destination-cidr-block 10.0.0.0/16 Check if your routes were created.\ aws ec2 describe-route-tables --route-table-id Get the subnet IDs to associate (use your vpc id to get them) (there should be two). aws ec2 describe-subnets --filters "Name=vpc-id,Values=" --query "Subnets[*].{ID:SubnetId,CIDR:CidrBlock}" -> e.g. subnet-123456789 & subnet-987654321 Associate the subnets to your route table.\ aws ec2 associate-route-table --subnet-id --route-table-id aws ec2 associate-route-table --subnet-id --route-table-id Security Groups. You will need to create two security groups here. Group 1: The Network Security Group: Create a security group for your networks and record the id. Group name should be made up here. Ensure you record the ID for the newly created security group. -> e.g. sg-123456789\ aws ec2 create-security-group --group-name --description "SG used for Fargate VPC" --vpc-id Add port rules for security group 1. These will allow or connectivity to your app, and to securely forward to H T T P S on port 443.\ aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --group-id --protocol tcp --port 8000 --cidr 0.0.0.0/0\ aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --group-id --protocol tcp --port 80 --cidr 0.0.0.0/0\ aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --group-id --protocol tcp --port 443 --cidr 0.0.0.0/0 Group 2: The App/A P I Security Group: Create a security group for your app/its APIs and record the id. Group name should be made up here. Ensure you record the ID for the newly created security group. -> e.g. sg-987654321\ aws ec2 create-security-group --group-name --description "SG used for api" --vpc-id Add security group tcp: port 8000\ aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --group-id --protocol tcp --port 8000 --source-group Add security group tcp: port 80\ aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --group-id --protocol tcp --port 80 --source-group Add security group tcp: port 443\ aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --group-id --protocol tcp --port 443 --source-group Certificate Manager. If your domain is hosted through a different vendor, you will need to import the SSL certificate. This is what websites use to "prove" they are not sketchy. Go to AWS Certificate Manager, enter the subdomain + domain, email verification, press send, and have the site owner approve the reques through their email. Otherwise, you will need to get the SSL certs from your site yourself and import them into AWS. You will need your SSL established before moving forward. Target Group. Before creating your load balancer and its listeners, you will need to create a Target Group which routes requests. Here is the high level overview you will need for your target group: Protocol: H T T P Port: 8000 (or whatever your docker image port is exposed as) Protocol Version: HTTP1 Target Type: IP IP Address Type: IPV4 Path: / Load Balancing Algorithm: Round Robin Create Target Group via CLI Load Balancers. Next you will need to create an application load balancer. Here is the high level overview you will need for your application load balancer: Type: Application Load Balancer Scheme: Internet Facing IP address type: IPv4 Network Mapping: Your VPC Mappings: Select at least two Availability Zones Create load balancer via CLI:\ Listeners. Here you will need to create *two* listeners to allows your load balancer to check for connection requests. You will need your loadbalancer arn and your target group arn. Here are some helpful CLIs for these Load-balancer ARN:\ aws elbv2 describe-load-balancers --names --query "LoadBalancers[0].LoadBalancerArn" --output text Target Group ARN:\ aws elbv2 describe-target-groups --names --query 'TargetGroups[0].TargetGroupArn' --output text Details of the first listener: Listener Protocol: http:80 Forward to target group above: Create first listener via CLI:\ Details of the second listener: This one is a bit more complicated. We need to reference both our security policy and our SSL certificate we established above Listener Protocol: https: 443 Forward to target group above: normconf-target To get your ssl certificate arn:\ aws acm list-certificates --query "CertificateSummaryList[?DomainName==''].CertificateArn" --output text To create a second Listener via cli: Route 53. Now that you have created your load balancer, you will need to create a public facing hosted zone. The name should be a subdomain/domain that you own or have access to (i.e. api.normconf.com). The caller-reference should be random. Try using the current date.\ aws route53 create-hosted-zone --name --caller-reference 2022-12-13 --hosted-zone-config Comment="cli version" You will need your hosted zones id for the next step. If you have misplace your hosted zone id, here is a command to retrieve it:\ aws route53 list-hosted-zones | jq -r '.HostedZones[] | select(.Name==".") | .Id' (requires you install jq, I suggest brew install jq) Next, we are going to connect the application load balancer to a new "record A" Alias recordset. I prefer to use a json for this command, but you could enter it in your CLI. The example below uses a JSON file. You will need the following information: Details of Record A Action: CREATE Name: -> e.g. api.normconf.com Type: A DNSNAme: -> e.g. dualstack.myapp-loadbalancer-123456789..elb.amazonaws.com Example Record A JSON: aws route53 change-resource-record-sets --hosted-zone-id --change-batch file://record_A.json Transferring NS Records. Skip this section if you host your domain in AWS If you do not host your domain on AWS, you will need to ensure that your DNS host has access to your NS records information. For example, for namecheap.com you would need to do the following: After logging in, from the dashboard on the left select domain list Find your url row and select manage From the advanced dns tab look for host record, there should be a button that says add new record From there we need to add 4 NS records, one submission for each NS found in your Route53 NS record: ns-.awsdns-.org ns-.awsdns-.co.uk ns-.awsdns-.com ns-.awsdns-.net Create IAM Policy. We are almost done. At this point we need to create a role for our ECS which we will use to deploy our task definition. Give it a name like ecsTaskExecutionRole. We will be using a JSON again to pass in the information. Example IAM policy JSON: aws iam create-policy --policy-name --policy-document file://ecs_policy.json ECS. A note: filling out service and task definition from scratchthe first time is an exercise in madness as they are highly-configurable objects. I suggest doing this part in the UI the first time just to learn what you want. Below, I write out the CLI instructions. Create Cluster: Create an AWS ECS cluster\ aws ecs create-cluster --cluster-name Create Service: Next, you will need a service to run within your cluster (it manages your task definitions). I prefer to add this as a json rather than using all the cli. You can find a service template here. aws ecs create-service --cli-input-json file://service.json Create Task Defintion: Here we are creating the template of instructions that tells ECS how to build and run our container and A P I. Be sure to include the following details in your task definition. The ARN from the policy we created above The ARN of the ECR image we pushed earlier I prefer to add this as a json rather than typing the instructions in the the cli. Here is an example template you can edit. aws ecs register-task-definition --cli-input-json file:/task-definition.json Conclusion. And that is it! Was not that easy? Oh, it was actually highly confusing and convoluted? Well, welcome to the cloud. At this point your task definition should be deployed in your cluster and your image should be hosted in ECS from ECR. In a future post, I will demonstrate how to automate this deployment process using GitHub Actions.