These will allow or connectivity to your app, and to securely forward to H T T P S on port 443.\ aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --group-id --protocol tcp --port 8000 --cidr 0.0.0.0/0\ aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --group-id --protocol tcp --port 80 --cidr 0.0.0.0/0\ aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --group-id --protocol tcp --port 443 --cidr 0.0.0.0/0 Group 2: The App/A P I Security Group: Create a security group for your app/its APIs and record the id. Group name should be made up here. Ensure you record the ID for the newly created security group. -> e.g. sg-987654321\ aws ec2 create-security-group --group-name --description "SG used for api" --vpc-id Add security group tcp: port 8000\ aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --group-id --protocol tcp --port 8000 --source-group Add security group tcp: port 80\ aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --group-id --protocol tcp --port 80 --source-group Add security group tcp: port 443\ aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --group-id --protocol tcp --port 443 --source-group Certificate Manager. If your domain is hosted through a different vendor, you will need to import the SSL certificate. This is what websites use to "prove" they are not sketchy. Go to AWS Certificate Manager, enter the subdomain + domain, email verification, press send, and have the site owner approve the reques through their email. Otherwise, you will need to get the SSL certs from your site yourself and import them into AWS. You will need your SSL established before moving forward. Target Group. Before creating your load balancer and its listeners, you will need to create a Target Group which routes requests. Here is the high level overview you will need for your target group: Protocol: H T T P Port: 8000 (or whatever your docker image port is exposed as) Protocol Version: HTTP1 Target Type: IP IP Address Type: IPV4 Path: / Load Balancing Algorithm: Round Robin Create Target Group via CLI Load Balancers. Next you will need to create an application load balancer. Here is the high level overview you will need for your application load balancer: Type: Application Load Balancer Scheme: Internet Facing IP address type: IPv4 Network Mapping: Your VPC Mappings: Select at least two Availability Zones Create load balancer via CLI:\ Listeners. Here you will need to create *two* listeners to allows your load balancer to check for connection requests. You will need your loadbalancer arn and your target group arn. Here are some helpful CLIs for these Load-balancer ARN:\ aws elbv2 describe-load-balancers --names --query "LoadBalancers[0].LoadBalancerArn" --output text Target Group ARN:\ aws elbv2 describe-target-groups --names --query 'TargetGroups[0].TargetGroupArn' --output text Details of the first listener: Listener Protocol: http:80 Forward to target group above: Create first listener via CLI:\ Details of the second listener: This one is a bit more complicated. We need to reference both our security policy and our SSL certificate we established above Listener Protocol: https: 443 Forward to target group above: normconf-target To get your ssl certificate arn:\ aws acm list-certificates --query "CertificateSummaryList[?DomainName==''].CertificateArn" --output text To create a second Listener via cli: Route 53. Now that you have created your load balancer, you will need to create a public facing hosted zone. The name should be a subdomain/domain that you own or have access to (i.e. api.normconf.com). The caller-reference should be random. Try using the current date.\ aws route53 create-hosted-zone --name --caller-reference 2022-12-13 --hosted-zone-config Comment="cli version" You will need your hosted zones id for the next step. If you have misplace your hosted zone id, here is a command to retrieve it:\ aws route53 list-hosted-zones | jq -r '.HostedZones[] | select(.Name==".") | .Id' (requires you install jq, I suggest brew install jq) Next, we are going to connect the application load balancer to a new "record A" Alias recordset.