I prefer to use a json for this command, but you could enter it in your CLI. The example below uses a JSON file. You will need the following information: Details of Record A Action: CREATE Name: -> e.g. api.normconf.com Type: A DNSNAme: -> e.g. dualstack.myapp-loadbalancer-123456789..elb.amazonaws.com Example Record A JSON: aws route53 change-resource-record-sets --hosted-zone-id --change-batch file://record_A.json Transferring NS Records. Skip this section if you host your domain in AWS If you do not host your domain on AWS, you will need to ensure that your DNS host has access to your NS records information. For example, for namecheap.com you would need to do the following: After logging in, from the dashboard on the left select domain list Find your url row and select manage From the advanced dns tab look for host record, there should be a button that says add new record From there we need to add 4 NS records, one submission for each NS found in your Route53 NS record: ns-.awsdns-.org ns-.awsdns-.co.uk ns-.awsdns-.com ns-.awsdns-.net Create IAM Policy. We are almost done. At this point we need to create a role for our ECS which we will use to deploy our task definition. Give it a name like ecsTaskExecutionRole. We will be using a JSON again to pass in the information. Example IAM policy JSON: aws iam create-policy --policy-name --policy-document file://ecs_policy.json ECS. A note: filling out service and task definition from scratchthe first time is an exercise in madness as they are highly-configurable objects. I suggest doing this part in the UI the first time just to learn what you want. Below, I write out the CLI instructions. Create Cluster: Create an AWS ECS cluster\ aws ecs create-cluster --cluster-name Create Service: Next, you will need a service to run within your cluster (it manages your task definitions). I prefer to add this as a json rather than using all the cli. You can find a service template here. aws ecs create-service --cli-input-json file://service.json Create Task Defintion: Here we are creating the template of instructions that tells ECS how to build and run our container and A P I. Be sure to include the following details in your task definition. The ARN from the policy we created above The ARN of the ECR image we pushed earlier I prefer to add this as a json rather than typing the instructions in the the cli. Here is an example template you can edit. aws ecs register-task-definition --cli-input-json file:/task-definition.json Conclusion. And that is it! Was not that easy? Oh, it was actually highly confusing and convoluted? Well, welcome to the cloud. At this point your task definition should be deployed in your cluster and your image should be hosted in ECS from ECR. In a future post, I will demonstrate how to automate this deployment process using GitHub Actions.