The Song of the Lark, Jules Adolphe Breton (1884) Table of Contents Disbelief In which I accomplish a long sought after financial goal and determine the need to reflect on how it came to be. Adventures in Aliens and Castration In which I discuss a ruined scheme to bypass a formal education. "Deer", Dear Friends In which I discuss the forces that led to my future financial burdens. The Price of Learning To Learn In which I face the cost of years of eschewing education. A Mad Scramble Against Madness and Financial Reality In which I struggle to navigate a tumultuous job market while loan repayments loom. My Chance In which I am given the chance to overcome past decisions. Oblique Machine Dreams In which I decide the best way to become an economist is to do everything I can to become a machine learning engineer? Sticking To It In which I save a lot, and then dump most of it into my loans... Pay Off In which I achieve my goal and think about what is next. Disbelief. When I was 23 years old, I graduated college with approximately $150 thousand dollars in student debt. That year, as I faced what felt like my life falling down a financial cliff that I had not even realized I had summited, I made myself a promise: I would pay all of my debt off before I was 30. I was not sure how serious the promise was, but it felt real. The joke was on the bank anyway—that was forever away. Apparently not. I turn 30 in two months... With all that money being owed, you would think I would not meet my goal. And yet, as of Sunday, July 16th the most unexpected thing happened: I did it? I actually paid off all of that debt and more. For the first time in six years, I am debt free. While wonderful and financially freeing, that has not been the part that gets me. See, I have run the numbers in several different ways, and every time the same number comes up: $194,537.70. That is how much I actually ended up paying for a four year undergraduate degree. What happened to the $150 thousand I mentioned earlier? Well, the best and worst part of finance happened (depending on which side of the deal you are on). When I took out my loans, it was 2012. The world was still coming down from the financial crisis, and rates for a private student loan were... high. 8% and above high. At the time, due to circumstances that I get into later in this post, I did not feel I had much of a choice. And the result of that thinking is the number you see above. $194 thousand dollars paid back in six years. You may judge the amount I paid for my education (and rightfully so!), but I am not the only one who dealt themselves a bad hand as a kid, and took burdensome loans in an attempt to get escape to a better life. According to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as of Q1 2023 Americans owe a combined $1.6 trillion dollars in student debt. And while delinquency rates have plummeted in the last few years due to a pause in student loan payments and interest rates (at least among public loans), do not expect that to last for long. Compared to their predcessors, 18 to 29 year olds hold the most student debt of any previous generation (see chart below). While many would prefer to ignore the plight of student loan debt upon this generation—answering the problem with whataboutism comparisons to mortgage debt and cold "they made their choice" sentiments—the consequence of ignoring balooning debt is a potential future economic crisis. After all, my student loan story is by no means indicative of the rest of the population of debt holders. But it is my story and one I would like to tell. So about the shit load of money I paid back... I think of myself as a pretty astute follower of my own finances and even I did not realize how much I had sunk into those loans. The amount I paid off, uncomfortably close to 200 k dollars, still daunts me (as if somehow $160 thousand were any better?).