Unbeknownst to my parents, I visited the marine recruiter and navy recruiter multiple times. Let me tell you this: there are few better salespeople for the lost than the military (and probably the priesthood but I digress...). Ultimately, I did not sign up. I was certainly interested. It would have been a release of pressure—a means with which to structure my life. But as with many choices in my life, it came down to not wanting to put my mother through more stress than I already had. So, none of those options worked out. During some of my free time, besides escaping my reality by watching Doctor Who, I would simply walk. I did not have a direction or a purpose. I just needed to get out of my room, and therefore my head. There was a forest by my house, just west of us down the road. Eventually my walks would take me there. It was tick-ridden. There were few well-trodden paths. But it was the closest "escape" I felt I had access to. As I began to map out the forest on my walks, I eventually came across a small, graffiti-ridden bridge with train tracks running over it. It appeared many youths such as myself used the small bridge to get away from it all (or to smoke and drink...). The bridge became a frequent stop on my walks. I would walk to the bridge, sit on the edge, avoid the train, and stare at the water of the North Branch of the Chicago River as it trickled by. > The West of which I speak is but another name for the Wild; and what I have been preparing to say is, that in Wildness is the preservation of the World. > > Walking, Henry David Thoreau Time slowly passed, like that trickle of water, and I felt life and friends were moving on without me. Except one friend. Her name was Alex. We went to high school together. During home room every morning, I would ask my advisor to go to the bathroom, and simply walk the halls finding different home rooms to join. He knew I was not coming back. *I* knew I was not coming back. He would *ask* me if I was coming back, and I would *say* I was coming back. But I would not come back... Always it was a girl's home room (home rooms were gendered). Sometimes it was a random room, other times it was the chorus teacher's home room because she knew and loved my older sister. But often it was Alex's. Many of my friends were there including my childhood best friend, my soon-to-be girlfriend, and Alex who would become one of my dearest friends. Alex was a nerd like me, and despite being downstate at UIUC studying engineering, she would text me to talk. Often I would pepper her with questions about the Doctor Who universe or vlogbrothers, asking for her theories or why certain things occured. But beyond simple chatter, she would also encourage me to go to college. Lightly, politely, in a way wholly unique to her, she would simply tell me it was a good idea with a level of stoicism and certainty that I had nowhere else in my life. It was an attractive prospect. I did not know what she saw in me, or how she could know college was a good idea. But the idea of having structure like college could provide me was as appealing as an oasis in the desert. I just could not understand *why* she said this. She knew how bad of a student I was only a few months ago. And yet, she encouraged it. I did not say yes right way, but I did say I would think about it. This continued for weeks. I would walk around, look into different opportunities, walk around, text Alex about some some show or YouTube video we were into. One day, I was walking the forest west of my house. It was late fall. I remember the orange and red maple leaves that matted the forest floor. As I made it to the bridge hidden in the forest, leaves crunching under my feet, I suddenly decided I would cross it and descend onto the other side of the river tributary. I had not done this before, but that day felt different. As I walked new, unfamiliar paths, in no direction in particular, I looked up. In the distance was a deer. The deer was standing just on the other side of a brief bend in the path—a few scattered trees and bushes between us.