I would talk to her about different aspects of economics I was interested in, different theories, how they applied to the books I was listening to or to world events, all while we pulled weeds. Jess was a great listener. I tried to be the same for her. This process continued week after week. Jess would talk to be about her interests (biology) and I would talk about mine. Until one day, Jess told me that I needed to stop restoration. It was clear that I should be working in economics and not restoration ecology. I told her I had been trying, but she told me that was not enough. I needed to take a risk and devote myself to it. I thought about it and agreed. I talked to my parents and they suppoted me. I resigned from my position, despite the risk of running out of funds, and devoted myself full time to getting a better paying job in economics. And would not you know it, a few weeks later, I landed one. The job, if I agreed to take it, was as an economic researcher at Arity, a telematics "startup" within the Alltstate family. My job was to write internal white papers about different subjects related to Arity's products so that product managers, VPs, and other key decision makers could understand the landscape better. I heartily agreed. For my work I would be paid the unimaginably high income of around $50 thousand a year. It was a dream come true. I threw myself into the work. There were no guidelines or deadlines beyond just writing something useful for the execs. It was perfect—just the amount of oversight I wanted (none). By October 2017, three weeks into my new job, I wrote a 24-page single-spaced paper that reverberated around the company about the economic conditions that led up to the use of rideshare in the American economy. The positive feedback fueled me. My next paper, part one of a two part report, I released a few weeks after that. It was a 38 page single-spaced diatribe about the impending semiconductor crisis and labor and parts shortages of American motor companies. Part 2, released in January 2018, balooned to 78 pages single-spaced (table of contents below). It covered everything from the history of automobile use in America, millenial debt (I have been on this train for a while), spatial and urban economics, and more. As I have said, I was monomanical. I would not stop. All I wanted to do was to prove myself, to push myself. By April 2018, my final report was published (less fancy table of contents below). At this point I slowly came to realize that I was pretty much writing for myself. No product manager was going to read an 88 page, single-space report on the origins and uses of Pigouvian taxes on traffic congestion mitigation, regardless of how well written it was. One day I looked up from all my writing and realized my data scientist colleagues across the way were simply more impactful than me. It became clear to me that it was not economic report writing that was going to affect change, but modeling. Far from an inconvenient reality, I viewed this as good news. After all, there was a lot of math and modeling in data science. And seeing as how I did not have an extensive background in math—I only really started getting into math my Junior year of college, maybe this would finally get all those grad school economics professors to look my way when I eventually, some day, applied to grad school. Suddenly I saw it. This was an oblique means to my ultimate ends: to one day become an economist. It was time to learn programming and machine learning. Oblique Machine Dreams. It turns out, all the monomania that I had put into college, into applying to jobs, and into my research at Arity, had helped me build a very useful habit: studying programming and ML. Over the course of the following weeks I taught myself R, and then Python when I was told R would hold me back. I started to try to integrate coding into my work as best I could—anytime there was a task, I would try to leverage my newfound skills to practice, and to get work experience for my resume.