By being able to foster relationships with my professors, the hope would be that this would sustain my academic motivation (this is exactly what happened). Second, I did well in smaller, more intimate communities and figured this would sustain me college (this also turned out to be true). Finally, Lake Forest College, the college I ended up attending, was willing to admit me the very next semester, and I *had* to get out of the house. The price of this deal was, as we now know, high. Below is the semester by semester breakdown of my loans (public and private) from 2013 to 2016. Because I did not come from money and because school was so expensive, public loans would not be enough and I had to from a large, private loan provider. I will not name it directly, let us just say it that rhymes with Discover... Breaking things down, my public loans came to a seemingly hefty $27,000 dollars. Of course, then you look at my private loans and you realize that was not anything. Altogether my private loans came to $122,001.20. Together that is a total of $149,001.20 taken out over four years (without interest). So, briefly, what did this get me? I left college in Dec of 2016 a different person than I started. When I started college I was neither driven nor properly educated. Thankfully, blessedly, I met professors (too many to name) that not only inspired me with their knowledge, but gave me the time and energy enough to help me lift myself out of the hole I dug for myself. When I left college, my intellectual motivation was self-sustainaing for the first time in my life. It was the most free I had, or have, ever felt. This was reflected on paper too. During college I travelled to Southern Africa to study economics and human trafficking. I even got to "farm" of sorts, as I became deeply involved to prairie and ravine restoration projects on and off campus. I graduated Lake Forest College in 2016 with multiple scholarships and distinshuishments to my name including graduating *cum laude* and earning honors and awards for my senior thesis. It was was reflected internally as well. I had entered college not knowing what I wanted to do. By the end of my first year, I knew with every shroud of my being that I wanted to become an economist, and did everything I could over the rest of my undergraduate career to work to make it happen. Then, one day, like a record scratching, the party was over, and I was back home where I started. A Mad Scramble Against Madness and Financial Reality. After graduation, I was scared. Suddenly I was back home in my same childhood room, the same place I had spent so many years in unproductive isolation. All the work I had done over the last four years to become a better, different person—to actually *do* instead of just think—would it come crashing down? Did college really not change my life like I had hoped it had? The truth, as ever, was complicated. What I could not know as I put my bags down, staring into my old room in despair, was that over the next eight months I would engage in a mad scramble against the financial reality that the last four years of loans had wrought me. As soon as I got home, I told myself that I had to act. I needed to apply all of my self-sustaining motivation that I had learned in college, that I had saved up my whole life, into applying for jobs. I was going to dig myself out my situation using pure grit and determination. I spent next 4 months trying to get a job. Every day was the same pattern: I would wake up at 6 am, go on a run, come back, and spend the next 8 hours searching for jobs. It was the same process over and over again. First I found a job on some website, then I would write a cover letter, then apply. Rinse and repeat. During these months, I barely left my room, talked to my family, or contacted my friends. In part it was because I was embarrased about not having a job. In part it was because I told myself the only time worth spending was time working toward my goal of independence—to get back to the life I left at school.