I suspect I sent hundreds of applications, with less than a 1% hit rate for callbacks. Not even Starbucks would call me back. I remember mustering up the courage to walk into my neighborhood store one day. I asked for the manager and told her that I would like to apply in person to demonstrate that I am ready to show up to work hard. Her response was to go back and apply online like everyone else. Like most of my applications, I did not get a follow-up call. I tried not to be deterred, but it was hard. Even now I feel that familiar lump in my throat, that creeping pressure to get out from under the rock of my own making and the knowledge mourning of a lost academic community in which I felt I belonged. I did not give up though. I told myself that almost any obstacle can be overcome with determination. But the ticking clock of all that debt was looming over me like Damocles' Sword. I had to start earning money. One day, out of desperation, I reached out to the career center of my alma mater and set up a meeting—maybe they could help me? When I met with a career counselor, this is what he told me: almost every job he ever got was through knowing people—that he had not applied to a job in decades. I did not know what I felt more fiercely, frustration at what I had just been told in the face of months of trying, annoyance at the college for not helping me more after all the money I had spent, or desperation about my situation. For obvious reasons, it was frustrating to hear. But despite being a bitter pill to swallow, I forced myself to take *something* from what he said: networking was critical. Maybe I could get a job that way? I tried, I really did. I reached out to people I thought could be good to speak with, but the perverse reality of networking is that if you have a good network, you are probably not in the position of being desperate for a job in the first place. Well, I was in that position. I had a handful of "coffee" sessions with various connections. But they all led to nowhere. It was starting to get close to when my repayments would begin. I was not clear on how much I would need to pay every month, but I knew it would be significant. Eventually, my mental state began to crack. Months of self-imposed isolation, nonstop work, and stress had caught up with me. College was so intellectually thrilling, so freeing, and I was good at it! There I could engage at a pace that suited me, while surrounding myself with interesting people and professors. There I had become the person I had always wanted to be. Yet so many companies, organizations, and schools which I admired ignored my applications or worse, saw the college on my resume and laughed at me. Yes, this really happened in the case of a particularly entitled Northwestern professor I had attempted to network with. The resentment began to build. It was finally hitting me, the force of the doors I had pre-emptively shut on myself as a kid were finally starting to impact me, as if the delayed shock wave of a particularly distant and powerful bomb. I was out of breath emotionally and I could not tread water any longer. I remember calling my sister one day, crying. I did not even know what to say. It was all too much. I ended up just saying "I am sad." I knew it was an understatement, but I was just too emotionally exhuasted. It had been months of applying 8 hours a day in self-imposed isolation. I just needed help. I just wanted to prove myself. Nikki supported me, as she always has. But I did not make it easy on her. She had supported me before college and now she was left supporting me emotionally after college too. Obviously, in hindsight I understand the situation a bit more clearly. The fact is, joblessness enduced mental-health issues are a special kind of hell. We are such a job-defined society, to not have a job—even a (wrongly) low-regarded service job—can force one to consider themselves less-than. And if you have people who depend on you, I can not even imagine how desperate that would make a person. But it is also more fundamental than that.