It is about a sense of competance, and meaning, and *wanting* and *trying* to work but not be deemed suitable enough to do so. It is why I especially feel for the job-seekers who have been on the market for some time. That process takes a toll on you in ways hard to describe. But to me it was also about how easily the echoes of our past mistakes as young adults reverberate with us, even when we do everything we can to overcome them, to make up for them. Many children and young adults *have* to be able to make mistakes, to stumble and learn and grow. Unfortunately, the consequence of those of us who make those mistakes (such as having mental health problems during the critical time of one's education) can be shutting the door on potential future opportunities and feeling forced to take out crippling loans. But it can also be more severe than than the choices I made: it can be drugs, crime, jail, or worse. Of my experience during this time, one of my fiercest wishes was for a world in which the mistakes we make as young adults are are not made to follow us throughout our lives. The best way to achieve this, I think, is simply to afford the young adults a chance. Just give them a chance, and see if they take it. Some will not'! But many will. My Chance. One day, four months into my monomania, I was granted a blessed respite and received a rare follow-up email for an application I had sent. It was from the Chicago Botanic Gardens. I had applied for a "Restoration Ecologist" job in their prairies. As I mentioned, in college, I had spent much of my time building prairies on and around campus. It was some the most fulfilling, hardest work I have done in my life. There I was finally able to push myself physically, to improve the world while also making up for the mistakes I had made. I ended up getting the job. It paid something like 12 dollars an hour. In reality, it was mostly pulling weeds all day. But at least it was a job, I thought. With a few weeks until my loan repayments would begin, I figured I would build a buffer of money before my payments started. Daily I would walk the prairies and dutifully pull weeds, spray Glyphosate (a carcinogenic weed killer), and identify and tag troublesome plants for future mitigation efforts, the words of the environmentalists Aldo Leopold and Emily Dickinson running through my head, lightly filling the space in my mind where meaning was needed to push me forward. With their words and with the knowledge I was being paid, I could withstand the ticks, the sun, and the labor. So I thought. When my loan repayments began, a few weeks later, I was in for a shock. My private loan payments came to $1106.42 per month, my public loans $387.02. Altogether, I would owe $1493.22 per month. I did the calculations in my mind. At a 40 hour work week, I would earn around $1902 per month before taxes. Subtract my loan payments, and I would take home around $425 per month before taxes. On the one hand, great at least I would be able to pay off my loans. On the other, I would never be able to leave the garden, let alone my parent's house, at this rate. It soon became clear to me that the only way I was going to get out of this mess was to get a better paying job. I was not done with the job application process. My schedule only shifted slightly with my new job. Every day I would wake up, write a few applications to better paying jobs, go to work, pull weeds, come back, eat dinner, apply more and sleep. This continued for 4 more months. In the meantime, I dutifully went to work. Luckily, I had a colleague who ended up becoming a close friend. Her name was Jess and she was a very patient indivudal. When you are pulling weeds in the sun, you mostly have audiobooks or each other to talk to. Often I would talk to Jess about my favorite passtime: economics. I know it sounds annoying, but these were (are) my genuine interests and Jess did not seem to be against these conversations.