I would throw a big chunk of savings at the loans with the highest interest and attempt to pay them down. Ideally, I would pay off an entire loan so that my monthly payments would shrink too, relieving the pressure. Over the years I would refrain from spending much on anything—I was busy working and studying anyway so there was not much to spend it on. Then I would commit burts of $15 thousand, $25 thousand, even $47 thousand at once, just to get rid of this debt. Admittedly, the day I paid back $47 thousand at once felt a bit weird. But it came with a greater sense of freedom, so that was nice. Repayments Over Time (Sample) Finally, when the debt was whittled down to around $38 thousand I realized that I should probably refinance my loans so they do not have such high interest. Folks, if I can suggest one thing, maybe look into refinancing your loans when rates are low. There is literally zero downside for you. I am sure I could have save upwards of $20 thousand this way. Maybe six months after I refinanced my loans, finally shrinking interest rates from 8% to 3%, I paid off my loans entirely. Pay Off. As I have said, I am now debt free. But somehow the journey to paying off these loans felt far more significant to me than the final act of paying them off. I have been asked: now that you are debt free, how do you want to celebrate? I have not come up with an answer. Maybe I do not feel like celebrating. It was an unreasonable amount of money to pay off. But perhaps more simply than that, maybe it is just that I feel gratitude that I was even able to achieve this. I have felt for a long time now that hard work pays off, if you are willing to put in the effort. I am *not* saying that I believe everyone is able to work their way out of their problems, but I am saying I am grateful I was. My journey is not over, however. I love my career so far in machine learning and do not plan to stop pushing myself. I am even applying my research background to writing reports on Large Language Models for O'Reilly Media! I'lll be teaching an Introduction to Machine Learning Course at the Argyros School of Business & Eeconomics at Chapman University this Fall. And I still have not closed the book on the possibility of grad school in economics. Crazier things have happened, like, for instance, paying off $194 thousand in debt in six years. A final note: In 2020, as the pandemic began to proliferate around the globe, I had the honor of being my friend Alex's witness to the signing of her marriage contract (Ketubah). During that wonderful, intimate ceremony, as friends and family were giving words of blessing and thanks to Alex and her husband-to-be, I was able to take a moment to publicly thank Alex for all she had done for me, for the belief she showed in me, and for the impact she has had on my life.