It was staring at me, as deer are will not to do. I stared back, thinking it would eventually move. For a while we stood like this, silent in the forest. But it did not move. So, slowly, I began to walk toward the deer. Still it did not move. > Then he was aware of the wilderness itself, not as the background frame of earth and foilage in which he lived, but as a sentient, constant being… > > Go Down Moses (The Bear), William Faulkner As I got to the bend in the path that I had seen from a distance, I came to a standstill—just a few trees and foliage between the deer and myself, the deer standing whisper still. We stood as we had been, staring. I decided I would follow the path briefly around the bend, past the boughs of trees, and see if I could walk up to it on the other side. As I walked around this brief little bend, the deer has anticipated position returned to my line of sight. But what I saw was...nothing. The deer was gone. The bend was not significant at all, I thought I would have heard it run away. But it was simply gone. Slightly confused, I walked up to where the deer had been and stood there, thinking. After a few moments, I heard a creaking sound. I looked around but could not pinpoint where it was coming from. The creaking sound started to get louder, and louder, until it was very significant. I swivled around desperately trying to identify what was happening until a loud crash! Right where I had stood staring at the deer, on the other side of the brief little bend, a tree had crashed to the forest floor. Like, a legitimate tree! In that exact spot. There was no wind, no movement of any kind that I could detect. I am not sure how anyone else would react, but to me it was very amusing. Laughing to myself, I looked around as if to say "did you see that" to the nobody that was around me, when I saw a deer, *the* deer, far down the path, across the river tributary, staring at me once more. I looked back at the fallen tree, and then looked back to the deer as it began to walk away. Did that deer try to kill me? Was it trying to tell me something? I do not think think so. It was very probably just a coincidence. What I *do* know is that I also had had enough. As the deer started to walk away, I said aloud, flatly to the universe: "fine, I will go to college." The Price of Learning To Learn. College was four years of my life and a rich enough experience to take up many pages of writing. But I will try to keep it short. What is important to say is this: before college I had not truly learned to learn. Thus far I have characterized high school as anomolous in my education career. But the truth is, I had always had an adversarial relationship with education. I remember in fourth grade I told my teacher that I was not going to do the work any more because I was not happy. In the years before and after, I would often act out in class, or else completely withdraw. One time I came to school dressed up in "goth" makeup. I was told to take it off almost immediately (I threatened to sue...it did not work). Dressing Up for School, 2006 This pattern of withdrawing from my education had followed me on and off throughout the rest of my middle school and junior high experience. Sometimes I would delve deeply in my education—investing into it all that I hoped it could do for me, hoping to escape. If these periods lasted long enough, I would be fed into the advanced placement courses to talk Freud or math, or some such thing. But it never lasted. I would simply withdraw again. Because of this pattern, which continued into high school, by the time I started college, the truth is that I had never really had learnt how to learn. College changed that in myriad ways. I started college in the winter of 2013. That fall I had decided to attend a small liberal arts college. That may seem like an insane (and expensive) idea, but unlike my WWOOFing experience, there was real thought put behind it. First, despite sometimes acting out or not doing the work, I had always bonded with my teachers, probably because my mother was one.