The process of becoming a data scientist and eventually machine learning engineer was not smooth, nor marked with very many clear boundaries officially declaring my progress. I am sure I will write a more detailed post in the future about how I got into this field. What I do know for certain was, like college, surrounding myself with individuals far more knowledgeable than me was very helpful in keeping me curious and motivated. At work we had many data scientists and engineers. I tried not to ask them too many questions (though it is hard to help yourself sometimes), but instead surround myself with them and to listen about what they were working on, what they had trouble with, and what problems interested them. From my experience, the best thing you can do is to find one or two individuals in particular that you like and who seem to like you, and ask them to mentor you. One day, I found mine. His name was (is) Justin. He came into work with a very "loud" Dragonball Z anime hoody on that stood out among all the button down shirts at the office. We got along well. He was down to Earth, but clearly sensitive like me. Eventually he was assigned to the team I had been working with, and I took my chance to ask if I could shadow him a bit and learn about data science. He was happy to oblige me. More than teaching anything in particular, it was great just to have the kind of guidance and perspective he provided. He likely does not think he did much for my career but I will always be grateful to him. It was not just studying at work that got me prepared, however. There was a lot of outside work that had to be done. When I was at home I spent a lot of my time reading and studying. Every day on the train to work, at lunch, on the train back, at home, and over the weekend, I would study. Luckily this stuff actually interested me, so it did not get too overwhelming. Data science and ML work was so satisfying because you immediately saw the consequence of your work—the feedback mechanism of coding is one of its most attractive features. After a few months, I was very comfortable in this world. That was good timing too, because one day Justin brought me and the team into a conference room to talk. He was leaving for a different job. I was devestated. I cared a lot about Justin. I had not yet embraced the cold, distant relationship style that allows people to remain unmoved when a colleague suddenly stops apppearing day after day. But I also learned a lot about how to approach work and work-related problems from Justin. I knew there simply would not be another mentor like him. That is when I decided to start looking myself. Although my work at Arity had clearly shifted from research, to analysis, to data science and ML, my pay did not reflect this. I learned from Justin, this had to change and it was not going to change there. I am glossing over many details but basically, after Justin left I started to look for jobs. A few months later, I got one. My first "official" data science job. With some negotiation help from Justin, who had kindly kept in communication with me, I was able to more than *double* my salary. I did not even think that was possible to do, but it was. Suddenly I realized that my goal of paying off my loans before I am 30 could actually happen. Sticking To It. The next few years brought more work, more ML related problems and solutions, and different jobs with still better pay still. All the while I would simply grind, study, and save. I was not in the same position from when I left college, but still I remained motivated to break the chains of this debt. My strategy, if you want to call it that was relatively simple: I would ensure payments were made on time every month, while saving my money. I have a sample of these payments down below. After a few years of saving for emergencies, any leftover surplus would accumulate. Eventually it would accumulate enough such that I could take a chunk out of my debt. And that is what I would do as you can see below.