It has bothered me so much that I have decided to write about my journey—how I came to even sign onto these loans, the psychological and emotional weight they held over me, and my almost monomancial mission to study and work my way into a position to pay them off by 30 obliquely. Admittedly, this post may not be the tried-and-true way of engaing with one's audience. Instead of writing a how-to post about "how you too can pay off your loans!", I much prefer to write a "how-did" post—as in "how did I even get here." For me, this is in large part a journey throughout the choices I made that got me here. It will be a lengthy post. For those of you who choose to continue to read, I hope you will gain some insights too. Before I start though, I want to get ahead of the cynics out there. You know those feel-good stories about the person who pays off all this debt, only you are then to find out that they inherited a trust, or that their parents came in to help them out, or some other such convenience? I just want to get ahead of that: this will not be one of those stories. This all was truly paid off by me... by somehow scrambling to turn my life around. Adventures in Aliens and Castration. I graduated my alma mater with a double major in economics, environmental studies, and around $150 thousand in public and private student loan debt (that would soon balloon thanks to the magic of interest rates). I did not actually want to go to college when I graduated high school. Despite being president of my high school senior class, I was a terrible student—deeply curious, but probably to the point of being depressed and therefore unmotivated. For a reason I was begged by every significant adult in my life to arcitulate, but that I could not, I simply would not (could not?) do school work. No one could make me, despite many wonderful people's best efforts. On the contrary, I knew I was "ruining" my future with my inaction, but that was part of the point: I was cutting my nose to spite my face. If I punched myself hard enough (metaphorically) maybe things would change and my life would get better. Still, I could not truly understand how many doors would shut on me because of it. That would come later. Upon graduation, as my friends were going everywhere from state schools to artsy liberal arts schools to lauded Ivy Leagues, I was the only person I knew who simply did not have a plan. Among a graduating class of over a thousand people, most of whom I knew (I was very social), I was thinking about maybe farming for a while? Honestly, I took a bit of pleasure out of it. The school I went to, although public, was in a Chicago suburb and known for being one of the best in the state. In my mind I thought about how it reflected badly on the school. "That will show 'em!" or some such other nonsense. In hindesight colored by life experience, it is easy to see how arrogant and emotionlly immature I was. To think anyone thought about me at all, beyond the caring teachers who got me over the finish line of high school graduation, was a categorical mistake. Plenty of students do not succeed in high school. It is par for the course. As I said, as graduation approached and friends were talking about the colleges they were going to, I thought about farming. I had built up farming in my mind for quite some time. It was practical. Without it and the energy food provided, humans could not survive. It made all the existnential sense in the world to me. Even though I had no relationship to farming growing up (maybe that is evident from my content so far), it called to me. From some connections, I learned of the concept of WWOOFing—World Wide Opportunities in Organic Farming. The way I describe it is it is the Craglist of farming. Farmers post about what work needs to be done and, in exchange for doing that work, agree to host these laborers for a season or so. I looked for what was probably 20 minutes, found a post, called the gentleman who ran the "farm" (more on that soon) and convinced myself this was the move to make.