I settled for a farming position in Hawaii. I had never been, and indeed had not really thought about Hawaii much before. But it was the furthest place in the US I could go to that was feasible enough to convince my parents of, and that I could afford with my savings. I bought myself a ticket (around $600 in 2012 dollars) and was off by late summer. The farm saga was a fiasco, as you might imagine. Here I will just state the cliff-notes. In late August,/early September I arrived on the Island and was picked up by my host's associate who I had never heard of before. Good start. Always get into cars with your host's "associate". The associate took me to a get a "drink" at a seaside bar, only to learn I was 18. I got mango juice. We got to talking a while. As the conversation progressed I slowly averted my gaze to the water, trying not to look at my new associate as she regaled me about her numerous abductions by aliens. Indeed, it was a regular occurence and she could (and did!) tell me all about the interior of the UFOs. Obviously I was not comfortable, but played it off by asking such light follow-up questions as "what did the aliens look like" and "oh, I see. And what did they do to you *then*?" After what felt like forever, the conversation subsided and she drove us to my host's house up on the side of a mountain, next to a large rainforest. But alas, what was this? There was no farm to be seen! Ah, it turned out that my host had never farmed before, and that *I* was to make the farm, among other activities. Okay, fair enough. It was not the plan, but I wanted to be pushed physically, to pay for the mistakes of my past and to earn my place in the world. This could work, maybe... By nightfall, I inquired as to where my room was. Duped again! Despite what I had been told, there was not actually a room for me. Instead I was provided a massage table to sleep on while my *tent*, which apparently I was to live in, was prepared... A tent could be nice? So long as you could get past all the mosquitos and the rain that periodically falls in rainforest climates... As I settled in to my massage table that night, ready to sleep, my host came up to me and asked for my help. It would seem his three large black dogs had gotten out "again". And would not you know it, they escaped into the rainforest! You know, the one with poisonous catepillars and snakes. Do not worry, I was provided a flashlight. Thus began my attempt to navigate the rainforest to find his dogs. Eventually they returned on their own—though it would have been nice if *I* had known that earlier as I continued to search... Eventually I returned to back to my trusty massage table to sleep, uncomfortable, afraid of what I had gotten myself into, trying not to give in. But I could not take it. The next morning I called my sister, Nikki. I told her I was deeply uncomfortable, that I made a mistake, and that I did not want to give up but I think maybe I should come home... I was so mad at myself, I hated being a person who gave up but this place was seriously off. After some...vigorous debate with my parents, with some strong-arming from my ever-faithful sister, it was determined I was to come home. The next morning, I broke the news to my would-be host. To which he not so subtly responded, among other things, that a worse person would "castrate you". Thank goodness *he* would not do that...right? We eventually agreed that he would drop me at the airport if I paid for gas (and that I would arrive intact? It was never made clear.) "Deer", Dear Friends. After a string of connecting flights, I made it back home. My one and only plan a total failure. The next few months were a blur of self-flagalation and isolation. I barely showed my face to my family, and certainly not my friends. I did not know what I was going to do with my life. The feeling of failure permeating my thoughts. I wrestled with a bunch of potential next steps including shoe cobbling, guitar making, and of course the military.