I was also a resident assistant (RA), which means I was paid to watch over other students in the dorm. I liked to think I was a pretty good RA—straddling the perilous social line that allowed residents to do what the fuck they wanted so long as they knew not to let you see it, so long as they were safe and kind to each other. One day, being the upstanding RA that I was, I decided that an unused dorm room should be accessible to everyone: why close it off to the people? So I used my building key to unlock the door and proceeded, with a few choice residents who would actually become my closest friends at the college, to build the biggest pillow fort in Lake Forest College history (according to us). It was there that weekend, within that not-so-college-sanctioned pillow fort, that I received a phone call from my hometown best friend. I knew something was wrong because even in 2014, you did not really call people out of the blue. I answered the phone to crying on the other end. It was there, surrounded by pillows and blankets fastened to the ceiling tiles that I received the news of Sarah’s death. I received it succinctly, with slight confusion, and few other emotions that seemed appropriate for the time. Suddenly, I was deeply aware of my surroundings, ashamed and self-conscious. You can probably imagine why. While I was being childish in college, encased in a pillow fort, Sarah died. It was not right. Whatever that situation was, its character instantly altered my perspective. That memory, of learning of Sarah’s death as I did, is one I returned to often in the intervening months. Sarah’s death affected so many of her contemporaries' lives—mine is simply the only example I can speak to. For me, I think it sped up the rate at which I shed my adolescence, a catalyst that only fast-forwarded me further into the fertile ground of intellectualism and academia like so many before me who used it as an escape. I expect it also contributed to my leaving the US altogether. The following year, in the winter of 2015, I left the US to study in about as remote a place as I could find: Botswana, Africa. It was there, surrounded by the Kalahari desert, that I wrote to myself a month into my six-month semester abroad: Today I woke up in a tent in Botswana, approximately eight thousand five hundred and thirteen miles away from Illinois. Yet, still my friend Sarah’s presence remains as strong as ever to me. I am haunted by the tragedy of her death one year ago today, but I am embraced by her memory. Since then, I have done work to limit the burden of Sarah’s death on my psyche, though I am sure there is plenty of room to psychoanalyze what I have written here. But after all this time, here is what I think is important: there is never a good time to have a friend’s life stolen from them, from their family. Sarah’s death has impacted so many. From her death there were many hard lessons, imparted onto me and surely onto others. Mine is not the real story. I struggled to write about her death for long both because I never fully internalized her loss, and because I did not want to make it about me. The story that I wish I could have written is that of all the accomplishments Sarah would surely have had today, were she still alive. Instead this is what I have to offer: Today is the 9 year anniversary of Sarah and Evilina’s deaths. I know their families miss them dearly, and so too do their friends like me who have each struggled in their own way to properly mourn their loss. These were young lives snatched from our world all too soon. There was so much they would surely have done–notable to themselves, to their families, and possibly to the world. I hope you are wise enough not to need a story like this to avoid drinking and driving. But if this is the kick you need, so be it. Do not drink and drive. You risk shattering lives.