The Semi-Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) air-defense system was unique, not only its capacity to detect Soviet missiles, but also in its ability to programmatically loop through its systems in as little as 2.5 seconds. John McCarthy, a computer scientist from MIT who had seen a prototype of SAGE, was inspired enough to conceptualize a similarly fast system to be used by multiple programmers at once. In a memo sent out to the MIT community, McCarthy outlined how such a shared-system would work. Corbató, picking up the mantle, aimed to make tangible such a system. But, as so often happens with the popular usage of terms in computer science, even trying to communicate what Corbató meant by time-sharing became confusing.7 Corabtó explained the multiple meanings of time-sharing in his 1962 paper: >One can mean using different parts of the hardware at the same time for different tasks, or one can mean several persons making use of the computer at the same time. The first meaning, often called multiprogramming, is oriented towards hardware efficiency in the sense of attempting to attain complete utilization of all components. The second meaning of time-sharing, which is meant here, is primarily concerned with the efficiency of persons trying to use a computer. Unlike the SAGE system which was a feat of multiprogramming, Corbató aimed to make real the latter definition with Project MAC. And, with the wind at their back and ARPA funding in their pockets, Corbató and his colleagues were able to succeed in this, compiling new commercially viable hardware and software systems such that multiple individuals could seamlesly submit code to a central processor. Users would access a mainframe computer remotely via their very own typewriter console. Constantly running in the background would be a multilevel queuing routine which would schedule program calls by priority: determining whether a submitted program was a foreground process or a background process. Once queued, these programs would then be operated by a Round-Robin algorithm8 that ran queued programs for set slices of time, in this case approximately .2 seconds, which Corbató estimated was the speed of human reactivity. An example of the Round-Robin algorithm can be seen in the first chart below. Given a program \\(p\\) that takes \\(t\\) seconds to run, each program is limited to run for a length of time \\(q\\). If \\(t > q\\) then after \\(q\\) seconds \\(p\\) is paused, sent back to the queue with time \\(t := t - q\\) left, and set to continue running once it reaches the head of the queue again. This process continues until all programs in the queue have fully completed. The benefits of the Round-Robin algorithm, and why it was used with the advent of time-sharing computers, was the priority response time took in computing, where response time is the time difference between when a programmer enters a program into a queue and when it begins to first run. Recall that programmers wanted to start their programs as soon as possible in order to reduce CPU idle time. As can be seen, as the slice of time decreases to the left of the x-axis, the number of iterations—or loops through the queue—increase exponentially on the y-axis. As the length of the time slice increases to the right of the x-axis the number of iterations decrease on the y-axis. This is the case for all three different programs of length 10, 35, and 100 seconds. Expand for Code Load Libraries. from timeit import default_timer as timer from collections import defaultdict from collections import deque from typing import Dict from typing import List import pandas as pd import numpy as np Plotting. from matplotlib.lines import Line2D import matplotlib.pyplot as plt import matplotlib as mpl mpl.rcParams['figure.dpi'] = 250 # Round Robin Simulation.