**Keywords/Topics:** ul { display:inline-block; padding:0; text-align:center } li a { white-space:nowrap } li:after { content:" "; letter-spacing:1em; background:center center no-repeat url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAUAAAAFCAYAAACNbyblAAAABGdBTUEAALGPC/xhBQAAAAlwSFlzAAAOwAAADsABataJCQAAABl0RVh0U29mdHdhcmUAcGFpbnQubmV0IDQuMC4xMkMEa+wAAAAnSURBVBhXY/Dz89MA4sNA/B9Ka4AEYQIwfBgkiCwAxjhVopnppwEApxQqhnyQ+VkAAAAASUVORK5CYII=); } ARPA Project Mac Robert Fano Fernando Corbató Time-Sharing Project SAGE Batch-Processing Multiprogramming Round-Robin Algorithm William Nordhaus Cloud Computing Introduction. Recently I began writing a post on ways to automate python scripts passively.1 For the purpose of the post I chose cron, an operating system utility that is run as a daemon—a program that runs passively in the background of a computer. If cron and daemon both seem etymologically Greek to you, they did to me as well. While researching whether this was true (it probably is), I fell down an interdisciplinary rabbit-hole of computer science history. What I discovered and have since written about below is a more complete history than I have been able to find about time-sharing computing and the function of the round-robin algorithm. In future a post, I plan on writing more about the economics of cloud computing. Early Innovations. In the early 1960s, the Advanced Research Projects Agency (ARPA)2 was investing in different projects that could be used to fight the Soviets. The agency, only a few years old, had been founded just four months after Sputnik's October 1957 launch. Its express mission was to maintain the US's technological (military) superiority over other nations. With an initial budget of $400 million dollars (about $3.7 billion in 2020 dollars), the agency had few limits. One such project that received ARPA funding was the politically named Project MAC (Mathematics and Computation) out of MIT. Established by computer scientists Robert Fano and Fernando José Corbató in 1963, by calling the endeavor Project MAC Fano and Corbató were able to attract researchers from existing labs without anyone's loyalties (or funding) being questioned. Robert Fano (left) and Fernando Corbató (right) Project MAC had multiple objectives, but its main focus was Corbató's previous work on time-sharing systems. Though many strides in computer hardware and software had been made over the previous decade—the invention of the compiler3, the use of the transistor computer4, and the creation of FORTRAN, LISP, and COBOL5—there were still struggles. Despite all the progress computing had made in the previous decade, compute-time-actually using the computer—remained cumbersome. For efficiency, batch-processing was used for computation: decks of punch cards featuring multiple programs were encoded onto magnetic tape and fed by an operator into a central computer for iterative processing. But while a computer read the program, its central processor remained idle: a waste of precious compute-time. And, if errors occurred in a program itself, then hours had to be taken to debug it by hand.6 Even when the code was actually fixed, a program still had to be rewritten onto a new magnetic strip and subsequently rescheduled by an operator for computation. So frustrating was this process that in 1967 students at Stanford took to producing a humorous (if dated) short film about the matter. Sharing Time: Round Robin and Multilevel Scheduling. In recognizing how burdensome compute times were, Corbató laid out his plans for "the improvement of man-machine interaction by a process called time-sharing" in a 1962 paper submitted to the International Federation of Information Processing (IFIP). Like many computer science-related projects of the time, time-sharing was a concept that emerged from military operations. In the late 1950s, the North American Air Defense Command (later known as NORAD) had begun operating a first-of-its-kind network of IBM-manufactured computers connected to near real-time radar data.