*Thank you to the McCausland family for reviewing this post before it was published.* On February 1st, 2014, in the early hours of the morning, my friend Sarah McCausland was struck and killed by a drunk driver. She was walking back to campus with her friends near Bard College. She had only recently turned 19. She was not alone. Her friend Evelina Brown was also killed in that very same incident. It has been 9 years since Sarah’s death, and every year since I have told myself I would write publicly about her—about the days and years that followed—and every year I have not. Part of the reason I have not is that I did not want to make Sarah’s death about me, “to take up space in Sarah’s story” as a close friend characterized it. This was her family’s nightmare, and the last thing I would want would be to disrespect Sarah’s memory or to make their lives harder. But if I am being honest, part of the reason why I did not write anything was simply because I did not know what I wanted to say—just that I wanted to say it. So why is this year any different? A few months ago Sarah’s dad Andy contacted me. This was not necessarily out of the blue—since her passing, I would contact her family, at minimum, on the anniversary of the incident to let them know that I had not forgotten, to ensure they knew that Sarah mattered to me. But this time it was for something in particular: the McCauslands were making a documentary about Sarah’s life and they were wondering if they could interview me. I said yes. But I was not without reservations. The thing I have discovered about the death of a friend is that it evokes some pernicious questions in one’s mind. The most fundamental of which being: was I truly her friend? How can I even know I was her friend if there is no concrete way to prove it? From the outside, it may seem an odd, even teenage-like logic to seek validation from the friendship of a now-deceased person. Perhaps it is because the death of a friend cements their temporal likeness in your mind—who they were at the time of their death is who they will ever be—in addition to cementing who you were when they passed. In essence, death freezes relations, indelibly stamping them into the sands of time. In that way, it makes a kind of sense that I would still ask the kinds of questions natural to me at that time. A picture of Sarah, her best friend Emily, and me So yes, I have never been certain about who I was to Sarah. But for 9 years since her death, I have been wrestling about who she was to me. Her father’s interview only sped up the process. First let me say this: like many once-teens, high school was a deeply dark period in my life. It is in no way hyperbole when I say that my memories from that period are shaded as if a pall had been cast over every experience. Unsurprisingly, it has because I was a deeply depressed adolescent who struggled with inchoate, existential issues that someone of my emotional maturity could not yet overcome. I did not have the methods I needed. But Sarah was one of the few lights in the dark, and it is not an exaggeration. Sarah truly was a light. When I saw Sarah in the hall between classes, or on the weekends at some friend’s house, I can recall memories of a different sort: memories of color that to this day allow me to access a kind of vibrancy from that period that most recollections simply do not evoke. It is not that I was in love with her or anything. Ask anyone who knew her and they will agree that Sarah’s personality was magnetic when she wanted it to be. There is no other way to put it. Sarah had the ability to turn on a kind of gravitational pull of personality, lightening the air around her with an improvisational wit and joviality that you were powerless to deny. And if you were one of the lucky few she chose to partner with in a round of intellectual improvisation, trading jokes and witticisms, it felt like lightning. That was the thing about Sarah, she was so quick. And she was quick because she was smart, really smart. She played multiple instruments, all self-taught.