She was a straight-A student. And she had the most wonderful, moving voice that constantly touched those around her. I have linked a recording of one of her serenades below. Sarah\_SomebodyLikeYou.mp4 [](https://benjaminlabaschin.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/Sarah_SomebodyLikeYou.mp4) Because Sarah was so smart, she could read people quickly. And because she could read people quickly, she tended not to want to put up with their bullshit. This was fine if you were on her good side. But certainly it would put you in an uncomfortable situation if you found yourself on the other side of the coin. Which brings me to my interview for her documentary. Honestly, I do not entirely remember all the questions asked of me. Before the interview I know we had a lovely lunch with her father Andy and her mother Sandy. But when we went to the makeshift studio in the back of an office converted for filming, and I started answering questions, I think I accessed a side of myself that is habitually shut off. I do recall a few of things I said though. One is a memory of a lesson I was given during Sarah's wake. It was one of the few times I can remember ever being in a church service. The priest speaking at the time said that he and the McCauslands believe that it does a disservice to the memory of the deceased to paint of them a rosier picture than that which was strictly true. That stuck with me. I think it has because Sarah and I were so deeply allergic to inauthenticity. And so to paint her as perfect truly would have been wrong. That is what I meant when I implied above that Sarah could also be harsh. She judged people like I judged people—it has why I liked her! She dealt with the absurdity of adolescence with a cutting humor and, like me, perhaps an unforgiving lack of patience for perceived artifice. I could not articulate it at the time, but her casual confidence and intellectualism was a source of connection and a temporary palliative to a deeply depressed, lost teenager. Sarah’s death is still painful. Most markedly to her family, whose tragedy is beyond words. To her parents, certainly. But also to her younger sister Tori whose life’s trajectory undoubtedly shifted after that night. And not to mention some friends who were unabashedly closer to Sarah than I was. Maybe others have not experienced it, but at least to me one of the obstacles of losing a friend is the knowledge that while they meant so much to me, they meant even more to others. For me it naturally leads to the question: who am I to write about Sarah? I know for a fact she was more to others than to me. Am I somehow disrespecting her name if I write about her then? Or how about an even more cutting, uncomfortable question: If she were alive today, would we have been as close? I can not confidently say we would have. Which leads me back to the fundamental question, the kind that I think Sarah might have asked: is writing about Sarah publicly in some way performative? I think the answer to this last question is yes. But as a brilliant actor, Sarah was no stranger to performance. She knew there was utility in it—catharsis even, for the performer and audience both. That gives me some solace. To the other questions I raise, I do not have the answers. I still struggle with these and questions like them, and therefore with the legitimacy of my words and mourning. All I can say is I take some solace in knowing that at least I am still trying, still reaching out to her family, still working with her picture next to my desk.