Prominent in the paper was his suggestion that time-sharing had "numerous applications in business and in industry where it would be advantageous to have powerful computing facilities available at isolated locations with only the incremental capital investment of each console." Today, despite the affordability of conducting millions of computations per second on a personal computer, there are still computationally intensive algorithms and Big Data operations that businesses want to engage in. In order to do so, it can make sense for these businesses to engage in cloud-computing, which, in essence, is the rental of severs of virtual machines at isolated data warehouses for the processing of these computationally intensive operations. Although not 1-to-1, cloud computing very much relies on the precedent set by Corbató's time-sharing work, and in particular the idea that multiple users could queue programs at will to a computer for processing. We have Corbató's work on time-sharing to thank for the ability to process for much of the cloud in data science today—espcially when it comes to processing our work in the cloud on clusters of computers. As someone who was trained in economics, rather than computer science, I had never heard this story and thought it fascinating enough to share. But after doing this research, I have also been left with some important questions—questions such as how much progress in computer science is due to investments by the military? I am also very much planning on researching the economics of cloud computing, and hope to post more about this research soon. [1]: This was supposed to be a post where I showed people how to run cron jobs. Instead, it is looking like it will be a multi-part post about the interdisciplinary aspects of computer science. If you are still interested in seeing that cron code, I will embed a link to that post at the to p once it is done.↩ [2]: ARPA would be renamed the more familiarly-named DARPA (Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency in the 1970s.↩ [3]: There are different types of compilers, but generally compilers take one programming language, usually a computer's base-language, and "compile" or translate that language into another language with its own requisite benefits and costs.↩ [4]: The transistor computer followed the vacuum-tube based computers and could therefore considered the "second generation" of computers.↩ [5]: FORTRAN, LISP, and COBOL are examples of some of the first and compiled languages.↩ [6]: Debugging could have been done on computers, but that would have been considered a waste of compute-time as well.↩ [7]: So jumbled was the concept at the time that years later Stanford Professor Donald Knuth would reach out to computer scientist Christopher Strachey to figure out who had created what. ↩ [8]: The first Round-Robin reference, if not analysis, researches have found was in paper published in a Navy guidebook by Leonard Kleinrock .↩ [9]: The large circles represent computaional systems with relatively reliable measurements, the smaller circles were not verified at the time of publication.↩